====== Battery Reconditioning for V9000 ======

  - What is it<code>PLEASE NOTE - There is no issue, but the DMP process will need to be run from the FLASH GUI to correct the current Battery status. And while you could run a CLI command, most customers find it easier to just follow the DMP steps from the FLASH Unit's GUI.
-----------------
What this is about:
     Depending on how old the Flash System code had been when it was last updated to the 1.1.3.x code or newer: Determines whether or not this event is generated in less than every 10 Months: "Reconditioning of batteries required" 
     This is NOT an indication of a problem, but rather the new features of the newer code working as designed!
----------------
What Learning Does:
Battery Learning calibrates the gas gauge to ensure that a battery, at 100% charge, has enough energy to sustain two FHDs (Fire Hose Dumps) on a fully loaded system
 
Battery Learning Details:
Over time, the health of a battery degrades.  Battery learning, or battery conditioning, is a way for the system to recalibrate the health of the battery to determine the battery's relative and absolute state of charge.  Typically, this is done by a complete discharge and recharge of the battery.
 
    All battery learning should be manually initiated through a Directed Maintenance Procedure (DMP) in the GUI, or a CLI command.  Do not use an automatic learning cycle.
 
    Every 10 months (or 3 battery discharges) from the last successful battery learning cycle, the system will initiate an "alert" level event (Alert 2060) to Admin stating that the user needs to recondition the battery.
 
    After 11 months (or 4 battery discharges) from the last successful battery learning cycle, a message will log to VLM.  These messages will open up an IBM Call Home support ticket (at this time).
  
The battery will also be marked as degraded until the battery learning cycle has been successfully completed.</code>
  - Initiate it by clicking the "Run the fix in alerts "